Obviously the television concentrated a lot on the violence of the strike and I know there
was violence.
And the conflict, the physical conflict is what sticks in my mind.
But I also remember, I don't know because I'm looking at the TV because I'm picturing
it on the screen, you know, that's the only way I can get it in my mind.
Although the TV's not on unfortunately.
Interviewing, you know, I know they interview people locally, talking on there.
A lot of what was on there didn't really relate to the people that you knew around here, you
know, who were just doing their best to try and keep their livelihoods going.
But it was, you know, the horses and the police in their gear and everything.
So yeah, it did make an impression.
Do you think that the portrayal of the miners was a fair one?
Well obviously the portrayal of the ones who were very active in going out and physically
trying to fight the corner came over.
But I think the TV to a large extent was showing them at their worst then.